Lim edits for Sections 3.2 to 3.4 (#97)
astropy/astropy-v5.0-paper: src/ms.tex

\end{figure}

As described in the introduction above, the \astropy Project is broader than the
core \astropypkg package as it also represents a number of core infrastructure,
coordinated, and affiliated packages, educational initiatives, and user communities.
In total, well over 1500 people have contributed in some way to the Project,

> e.g., through contributing code or documentation, reporting issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
whether by contributing code or documentation, reporting issues
```

Several members of the \astropy community attended virtual conferences of the
National Society of Black Physicists (NSBP) and SACNAS (focusing on Hispanic and
Native American scientists across all STEM fields). \astropy representatives

> noted that one underlying topic came up multiple times: A major barrier for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
noted that one underlying topic came up multiple times: a major barrier for
```

% Summarize funding sources (Moore, NASA) and amounts and what this has been
% used for.

With the goal of establishing a sustainable financial model for the \astropy
Project, the CoCo, under the new governance charter (see
Section~\ref{sec:project-governance}), established a standing Finance Committee.
This committee oversees the planning and allocation of finances on behalf
of the Project. The \astropy Project accepts funds from institutions as well as
individuals through NumFOCUS.\footnote{NumFOCUS is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that
supports and promotes world-class, innovative, open-source scientific computing.}
Previously, no direct financial support was available for project development,
and NumFOCUS covered most of the incurred operational costs. However, transitioning
to long-term financial stability meant having an influx of funds in the form of
institutional support, and hence the \astropy Project applied for and successfully
acquired four grants over the last several years. These grants are administered by NumFOCUS on behalf of the

> Project, providing a ``neutral'' space not tied to any particular astronomical

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this word change. Instinctively, I want to read this as an adjective. I'm not sure we'd do the same if, for instance, it was "math" instead of "astronomy" (i.e. "any particular mathematical institution" vs. "any particular math institution").

Reviewer 2: Agreed
```suggestion
Project, providing a ``neutral'' space not tied to any particular astronomy
```

institution. The two major grants are briefly summarized below.

\begin{description}
    \item[Moore] The Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation awarded the \astropy
    Project a $\sim$\$900k (US) grant in 2019 for the proposal ``Sustaining and
    Growing the Astropy Project.'' Over a three-year term, this grant supported
    sustenance of the Project by providing funds for (1) the development and
    maintenance of \astropypkg and its infrastructure, provided to existing
    project members and targeted hires, (2) the transition of long-term users to
    contributors and maintainers through mentorship efforts, (3) the
    formalization of a governance structure (see

>     Section~\ref{sec:project-governance}), and (4) the improvement of
>     IDE efforts in the project (see

Reviewer 2: I think we should spell it out here
```suggestion
    Section~\ref{sec:project-governance}), and (4) the improvement of equity,
    diversity, and inclusion efforts in the project (see
```
